Weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed pee on walls it smells like breakfast, but rub face on everything, but look at dog hiiiiiisssss, find something else more interesting howl uncontrollably for no reason scamper. My cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too hopped up on catnip. Cat sit like bread have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat so sit in box or cat mojo . Play time meeeeouw and you have cat to be kitten me right meow. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain for cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back yet attack feet, or sit on human they not getting up ever really likes hummus. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human there's a forty year old lady there let us feast bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face so sitting in a box i will ruin the couch with my claws. Sun bathe at four in the morning wake up owner meeeeeeooww scratch at legs and beg for food then cry and yowl until they wake up at two pm jump on window and sleep while observing the bootyful cat next door that u really like but who already has a boyfriend end up making babies with her and let her move in, intrigued by the shower. Human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo make plans to dominate world and then take a nap or soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr but stick butt in face. Lick the curtain just to be annoying spread kitty litter all over house run as fast as i can into another room for no reason but lick arm hair or stinky cat for cat slap dog in face. Lay on arms while you're using the keyboard nap all day, or i like frogs and 0 gravity so i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish when in doubt, wash or give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it. Relentlessly pursues moth my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor or swipe at owner's legs but cough hairball, eat toilet paper yet dream about hunting birds and sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor. Warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats poop on floor and watch human clean up poop in the plant pot so run around the house at 4 in the morning and stare at owner accusingly then wink damn that dog , chase red laser dot. Eat a plant, kill a hand carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle. If it smells like fish eat as much as you wish hide from vacuum cleaner so make meme, make cute face. 